release notes: Add PM notes (#35746)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/release-notes-2.6.rst

    ``NULL``. The macro is flagged as deprecated to make users aware of the
    change.

  * Devices set busy are no longer suspended by the system power management.

  * The time necessary to exit a sleep state and return to ``ACTIVE`` was added
    in ``zephyr,power-state`` binding and accounted when the system
    change to a power state.

  * Device runtime power management (PM), former IDLE runtime, was
    completely overhauled.
    - Multiple threads can wait an operation
      (:c:func:`pm_device_get_async` and
      :c:func:`pm_device_put_async`) to finish.
    - A new API :c:func:`pm_device_wait` was added to drivers easily
      wait an async request to finish.
    - The API can be used in ``PRE_KERNEL`` stages.

>     - Several concurrences issues related with atomics and ``k_poll_signal``
>       where fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Several concurrence issues related with atomics access and the usage of the polling API
      have been fixed. Condition variables are now used to handle notifications.
```
